To the ibexes on the Augstmatthorn - hiking around Interlaken

from
Interlaken
06:36
16.1 km
1,050 m
1,050 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour can be reached by public transport.
Tips
Details

Contains a section that can be dangerous

Part of this route leads through technical, demanding or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge may be required.

A total of 1.28 km
Tour
post
Bus stop
18 m
Alphornbauer Bernatone

Hiking highlight

32 out of 41 wandering recommend this

A Bernatone Alphorn is made exclusively from local spruce wood from mountain forests from Habkern. At the Tschiemer family you can see how the instruments are made. Hans Tschiemer saws open the wooden tribes in his sawmill, Heinz Tschiemer produces the well-known Bernatone alphörner from the trunk. In the shop you can look at the partly artistically decorated wind instruments, and registration is also possible in the workshop. Or how about a music lesson? You can find more information here: bernatone.ch.

Tip from
Vanessa
5.01 km
Jägerstübli an der Lombachalp

Hiking highlight

132 out of 140 wandering recommend this

Cozy inn in a romantic location on the Lombachalp. In addition to the restaurant, there is also a farm shop where you can buy excellent homemade cheese.

Open daily from Pentecost to October from 11 a.m. In the months of December to April, the door is open to you between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m.

Tip from
Sebastian Kowalke
7.45 km
Augstmatthorn

Hiking highlight

255 of 259 wandering recommend this

The proud 2,136 meters is the local mountain of Habkern, the Augstmatthorn. Either you can climb from Harder Kulm or from Habkern to the summit. The paths are easy to see, but narrow and partially exposed. Especially in the summit area of ​​the Augstmatthorn is required to freeze and surefure. By the way, a large stone game colony lives on the steep slopes of the Augsmatthorn and the entire Brienz ridge. Especially in the morning and in the evening you have a good chance of watching the shy mountain goats.

Tip from
Sebastian Kowalke
16.1 km
post
Bus stop
Map
500 m
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,080 m
Lowest point 1,050 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smarttour/e162595094/zu-den-steinboecken-a-augsthorn-horn-rund-interlaken?tour_origin=smart_Search