Schröcken | To the highest point - on the Braunarlspitze

from
Bregenzerwald Tourismus
10:49
16.4 km
1,370 m
1,370 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour can be reached by public transport.
Tips
Details

Contains sections that can be dangerous

Parts of this route lead through very technical, difficult or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge are absolutely necessary.

A total of 8.17 km
Tour
Schröcken village
Bus stop
6 m
Shotle

Hiking highlight

208 of 213 wandering recommend this

Small ski and hiking village in the immediate vicinity of the Hochtannberg Pass and right under the dramatic peaks of Mohnenfluh and Juppenpitze. Despite the tourist development, it got its sleepy character. Schröcken is ideal as a starting point for hikes in the Bregenzerwald and in the adjacent Lech spring mountains. A short hike leads you from here to the "most beautiful place in Austria 2017", the romantic Körbersee.

Tip from
Sebastian Kowalke
1.67 km
Alpe skins

Hiking highlight

53 out of 56 wandering recommend this

There is sometimes a show race on the Alpe Felle, in which the Senner shows with a lot of enthusiasm and explains how the alp cheese is made. As a family, we took part with two children and it was a great experience for everyone. Subsequent cheese tasting.

Tip from
Guso
5.10 km
Forggle

Mountain tour highlight

29 out of 30 people recommend this

Transition yoke towards Schadona or Biberacher hut. The ascent to the Braunarlspitze and Hochberg is possible from here.

Tip from
Rainer Moritz
7.31 km
Braunarlspitze

Hiking highlight

75 of 76 wandering recommend this

Fantastically beautiful mountain, but sometimes a bit tricky on the ascent and descent. You should know what to do and be sure to consider when planning the tour. Unfortunately I met some poorly equipped and overwhelmed people up there ...

Tip from
David J
10.6 km
Butzensee

Hiking highlight

92 of 93 wandering recommend this

In a great picturesque mountain lake in a great mountain backdrop with crystal clear water.

Tip from
2Wheels
11.6 km
Jägersteig

Mountain tour highlight

22 out of 24 people recommend this

Through this channel it goes up. The climb was secured with new fixed ropes in early summer 2019.

Tip from
Rainer Moritz
16.4 km
Schröcken village
Bus stop
Map
500 m
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,580 m
Lowest point 1,260 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smarttour/e147747425/schroecken-zum-hoechsten-bun-braunarlspitz?tour_origin=smart_Search