Panorama tour: High box via fishing lake to Alp Sigel
06:04
14.4 km
710 m
880 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary.
Tips
Details

Contains a section that can be dangerous

Part of this route leads through technical, demanding or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge may be required.

A total of 149 m
Tour
High box

Hiking highlight

907 of 928 wandering recommend this

Turning restaurant high box
Just sit down and enjoy the "rondom". In the only rotary restaurant of Eastern Switzerland on the high box, guests experience a limitless, changing 360 ° view. While the view extends from the impressive backdrop of the alpine to the lovely Appenzellerland to the vastness of Lake Constance, we spoil you with seasonal and regional specialties.
From April to February, the rotary restaurant is open daily during the operation of the cable car and is easily accessible for guests with restricted mobility with a lift.
Text / Source: Appenzellerland Tourismus AI, Hauptgasse 38, CH-9050 Appenzell
appenzell.ch/Alpstein/berggasthaeuser/drehrestaurant-hoher-kasten.html

Tip from
Paul
9.01 km
Berggasthaus Bollenweese

Hiking highlight

788 of 807 wandering recommend this

The Bollenwees mountain inn is located directly on the idyllic Spehlensee in the middle of a breathtaking mountains.

Tip from
Roman Lutz
9.07 km
Fählensee

Hiking highlight

981 of 992 wandering recommend this

The spot lake is the third largest mountain lake in the canton of Appenzell and is located in a very narrow valley cut between the Berggasthof Bollenwees and the Zwinglipass, embedded between Hundsteingrat and Roslen-Saxer-First. Simply beautiful. Highly recommended!

Tip from
Martina
14.4 km
Alp Sigel LSB mountain station

Hiking highlight

82 out of 86 wandering recommend this

Mountain station of the air cable car (LSB) Pfannenstiel - Alp Sigel. Self -service via machine. Space for four people.

Tip from
Werner 🚶‍♂️🚵‍♂️
Map
1 km
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 1,820 m
Lowest point 1,250 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smarttour/e1277730084/panoramatour-henkasten-ueber-faehene-bis-alp-sigel?tour_origin=smart_Search