To the Obstanserseehütte and on the Pfannspitze - Carnic Alps
07:15
14.6 km
1,180 m
1,180 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour is directly at a parking lot.
Tips
Details

Contains sections that can be dangerous

Parts of this route lead through very technical, difficult or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge are absolutely necessary.

A total of 25 m
Tour
parking
parking
3.76 km
Villa Yeti

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 19 wandering

Small hut, back then for the miners.

Tip from
T0BI
5.66 km
Obstensersee hut

Hiking highlight

157 of 159 wandering recommend this

Only the most of the most take a bath in Lake Obstens. Everyone else enjoys the great meal and review the second and perhaps most beautiful stage of the Carnic Höhenweg with a cool blonde and a Swiss pine schnapps again.

Tip from
Christian
7.30 km
Summit Pfannspitze

Hiking highlight

51 of 53 wandering recommend this

The Pfannspitze is one of the highest peaks on the Carnic Höhenweg. After climbing over the Obstan saddle, a sensational view of the Dolomites in the south opens up. The further path to the top is unable, but airy in places. Fantastic panoramic view between the Hohe Tauern in the north and the Dolomites from the summit. On both sides, the - especially striking - the course of the ridge can be seen. On the other way to the ridge, the hands have to be taken a little at the beginning, then the path becomes flatter until it turns into very blocked terrain to the two cinema peaks.

Tip from
Michael Aigner
14.6 km
parking
parking
Map
1 km
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,600 m
Lowest point 1,420 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smartour/e1720149841/zur-obstenssehuette-und-fannspitze-karnische-alpen?tour_origin=smart_Search