From Seduck to the Rinnspitze - Melting Giants
07:31
21.3 km
1,450 m
1,450 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour is directly at a parking lot.
Tips
Details

Contains very dangerous sections

Parts of this route lead through very technical, difficult or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge are absolutely necessary.

A total of 74 m

Contains sections that can be dangerous

Parts of this route lead through very technical, difficult or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge are absolutely necessary.

A total of 384 m
Tour
Winter car park Franz Senn Hütte
parking
7.53 km
Franz-Senn-Hütte

Hiking highlight

351 of 357 wandering recommend this

The hut is located at 2,147 meters above sea level. The approach takes place by the Oberissalm in the rear Oberbergtal, a side valley of the Stubai Valley (about an hour and a half of the time), and it is also a stuba hut of the Stubaier Höhenweg. The relatively large hut offers many touring opportunities in the area. Numerous peaks and also via ferratas can be conquered from here. All information about the hut can be found here: Franzsennhuette.at

Tip from
Betty
10.1 km
View of the Rinnensee

Mountain tour highlight

Recommended by 22 people

On the way up to the top of the channel as well as from above, you have a great view of the Rinnensee.

Tip from
🥾 Michael 🥾
10.7 km
Gutter tip

Mountain tour highlight

Recommended by 32 people

A beautiful mountain with an impressive sight when you have reached the top. The last piece is not very easy to create with enough sure -footedness. Rope protection and kicks are available. A helmet should always be there.

Tip from
Shidar
21.3 km
Winter car park Franz Senn Hütte
parking
Map
1 km
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,910 m
Lowest point 1,460 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smarttour/e129269578/von-seduck-auf-die-rinnspitze-melting-gants?tour_origin=smart_Search