To the Seakarspitze high above the Achensee in the Karwendel Nature Park

from
Karwendel nature park
07:39
15.6 km
1,200 m
1,200 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour can be reached by public transport.
Tips
Details

Contains a section that can be dangerous

Part of this route leads through technical, demanding or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge may be required.

A total of 3.69 km
Tour
Fishing host
Bus stop
3.94 km
Hiking trail to the Seakarspitze

Hiking highlight (section)

156 of 160 wandering recommend this

The ascent to the Seakarspitze on Lake Achensee is a popular but demanding mountain tour with steep and rocky paths, the closer you get the summit. The tour offers spectacular views of the Achensee and the Karwendelgebirge, but is only suitable for experienced mountaineers.

The entire route comprises about 14 kilometers and you can handle around 1,200 meters of altitude. Especially in summer you should start early to avoid the midday heat and plan enough breaks. Surefootedness and a head for heights are essential in this way because some passages are narrow and exposed.

Tip from
Tobias Büttel
5.11 km
Lake

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 169 wandering

Great view of the Achensee and the surrounding mountains. Highly recommended! The sometimes (but) hard climb is definitely worth it !!! 😀⛰️

Tip from
Lukasnature
5.13 km
Curriciency between the lake cheese tip and Seebergspitze

Hiking highlight (section)

Recommended by 162 wandering

It is best to make from north to south (from Achenkirch to PertiSau), you have the sun from the front, more beautiful looks and the more difficult areas on the climb.

Tip from
Hikecycchris
6.88 km
Seaside peak

Hiking highlight

264 of 267 wandering recommend this

A summit with a wonderful view. If you still have strength, you can continue to go to the lake cheese tip.

Tip from
Carina 🍉
10.6 km
Sea cream

Hiking highlight

254 out of 259 wandering recommend this

The Seekaralm is primarily used for agriculture, in second place it serves as a refreshment point. You can get cheese or bacon bread and fresh milk here. With the magnificent view, this tastes twice as good.

Tip from
Vanessa
15.6 km
Fishing host
Bus stop
Map
1 km
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,000 m
Lowest point 930 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smarttour/e16542022/zur-seekarspitze-hoch-ueberm-achenee-im-naturpark-karwendel?tour_origin=smart_search