Steep climbing passage - great view⛰ round of beito
05:00
12.6 km
480 m
470 m
Difficult hike. Good basic condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour is directly at a parking lot.
Tips
Details

Contains a section that can be dangerous

Part of this route leads through technical, demanding or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge may be required.

A total of 515 m
Tour
Varbakken
parking
1.12 km
Steep climbing passage

Hiking highlight

24 out of 28 wandering recommend this

After the gentle start of the hike, a very steep climb awaits you. There should be sure -footedness and a head for heights.

Tip from
Rüdiger Fischer
1.43 km
Knutshø - the little sister of the Besseggen Grat

Hiking highlight (section)

48 out of 49 wandering recommend this

The Knutshø-Grat is located directly vis-a-vis from the famous Besseggen-rid. At the parking lot on the street, the path on a sign is briefly described, but not marked. However, since it is very committed in summer, the path can be clearly seen.
It sometimes goes up steeply, two passages have to be scrambled briefly, but can be done without any problems and without additional equipment. The views of the Besseggen, which Gjendesvatnet, and all the smaller lakes, and the surrounding area is beautiful! It is best to run the ridge on the other side, and then take the path in the valley below the river back to the parking lot. This is how you avoid the climbing points.

Tip from
Katharina
5.88 km
Great view

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 15 wandering

From here you can enjoy a wonderful view of the lakes.
Translated by •

Tip from
Marika Abbà
9.12 km
Earthly valleys

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 2 wandering
12.6 km
Vargebakkan

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 1 wandering
12.6 km
Varbakken
parking
Map
500 m
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 1,460 m
Lowest point 1,030 m
Our tour suggestions are based on thousands of activities that other people have carried out with Komoot. 

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smartour/31077029?tour_origin=smart_tour_Search