Olpererhütte and Schlegeissteicher - Zillertaler Alpen
06:20
14.2 km
830 m
830 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour is directly at a parking lot.
Tips
Details

Contains a section that can be dangerous

Part of this route leads through technical, demanding or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge may be required.

A total of 4.15 km
Tour
parking
parking
374 m
Ceiling

Hiking highlight

1380 of 1400 wandering recommend this

At 725 meters, the ceiling memory has the longest dam of the composite hydropower plants. A total of 126.5 million cubic meters of water can be saved. But not only because of its dimensions, the Speicherensee attracts - a unique mountains are waiting above its dam.

The toll road to the Schlegeis leads over several hairpin bends up to the free parking lot. Mautstraße closes in mid -October and opened again in spring.

More information can be found at Verbund.com.

Tip from
Rosi
4.23 km
Olpererhütte

Hiking highlight

1774 from 1805 wandering recommend this

The Olpererhütte at 2,389 meters offers an excellent overnight stay to climb higher peaks. There are sleeping places for five people each, and you have to bring sleeping bags. The hut also offers beautiful panoramic views on the surrounding peaks and the reservoir, which makes it an ideal starting point for hikes and mountain tours.

The restaurant is also recommended and offers a diverse selection at human prices. After a hard day in the mountains, you can enjoy delicious meals here and experience the cosiness of the hut.

Tip from
Ewa and Christof
4.39 km
Suspension bridge over the sliding ice memory

Hiking highlight

735 of 775 wandering recommend this

A must on a hike to the Olpererhütte. In good weather, there are wonderful, unforgettable photo opportunities. You should be up here around noon, because then the snake of those who also want to take a photo grows. The path and the waiting are worthwhile.

Tip from
Bernd 🌲🦌🍄🥾
5.75 km
View of Schleibeissteicher

Hiking highlight

176 of 179 wandering recommend this

Gigantic view of the sliding ice memory and the mountains behind it. Blocks and plates give sure -footedness on the high path. Mountain experience should be available in this way.
Attention especially in rain or snow fields.

Tip from
Sarina
8.63 km
Friesenberghaus

Hiking highlight

513 of 518 wandering recommend this

From Friesenberghaus, which is located at 2,498 meters, you have an impressive view of the mountain panorama and the Friesenbergsee in the valley. The shelter with the massive stone masonry is family -friendly and bears the seal "Families welcome!" of the German Alpine Club. There are many light hiking trails in the area around the hut that are very suitable for children.

Open from mid -June to the end of September: friesenberghaus.com

Tip from
Tobias
14.2 km
parking
parking
Map
1 km
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,600 m
Lowest point 1,770 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smartour/e1785097606/olpererhuette-und-schlegeissteicher-zillertal-alpen?tour_origin=smart_Search