Piz lung of Maloggia
05:47
11.1 km
910 m
910 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour is directly at a parking lot.
Tips
Details

Contains a section that can be dangerous

Part of this route leads through technical, demanding or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge may be required.

A total of 1.47 km
Tour
parking
parking
1 m
The flat path to the piz lunghin

Hiking highlight (section)

37 of 42 wandering recommend this

As soon as you leave the free parking lot on the Kantonsstrasse along Lake Silerse (approx. 100 meters after the Hotel Palace), the path to Piz Lunghin begins. At the beginning of the excursion, the directions to Lake Lunghin and the pass of the same name applies.
Translated by •

Tip from
Stefano Aimar
3.70 km
LAGO Lunghin

Hiking highlight

108 out of 112 wandering recommend this

A beautiful mountain lake that invites you to linger.

Tip from
Ulrich Welcker
5.26 km
Ultimo Tratto via IL Pitz Lunghin

Hiking highlight (section)

31 of 32 wandering recommend this

Great view from the piz (summit) on the lake plate, the surrounding mountains (Piz Bernina-Piz Badile), the Maira Valley (below Maloja Pass) and the Innquelle (?).
The ascent (Pass lunghin) up to the triple water sheath (red hiking markings) is easy to create with trekking shoes.
Up to the piz (blue hiking markings), however, good sure -footedness/sturdy shoes and some manual work/climbing (without rope) and some alpine experience are necessary, since one. the path is not always clearly visible.
For the not entirely free of heights: climbing is only over a few meters before the summit or a few meters on the ridge and that only on the inside of the valley (facing the pass lung), not on the steep slope towards Maloja Pass.
If you want to avoid the climbing at the ridge (a few meters away from the steep wall) or the tightrope walk, you can take the direct path from the lake (Lägh dal Lunghin) to the piz on the inside of the valley (pass lung) without detour over the water sheath.

Tip from
Chrise
5.56 km
Piz Lunghin

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 27 wandering

Nice view, the last 20m to the summit are difficult to commit

Tip from
Jan Rehbein
11.1 km
parking
parking
Map
500 m
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,700 m
Lowest point 1,800 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smartour/e1420889104/piz-unghin-von-maloggia?tour_origin=smart_search