From Stubai Valley to the Red Grat - Melting Giants
10:39
20.2 km
1,660 m
1,660 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour can be reached by public transport.
Tips
Details

Contains sections that can be dangerous

Parts of this route lead through very technical, difficult or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge are absolutely necessary.

A total of 8.19 km
Tour
Neustift i. St. Abzw Nuremberg Hütte
Bus stop
5.73 km
Nuremberg Hütte

Hiking highlight

222 of 225 wandering recommend this

The Nuremberg Hütte is definitely one of my favorites. I was there on the Stubaier Höhenweg and on a separate tour to the Wilder Freiger. It is also a base at the transition to Italy. During my last visit I got to know a couple that spent his wedding day here. Who can blame them, the wildly romantic hut also offers double rooms and the surroundings and calm here could not be more beautiful here.

There is a via ferrata and climbing garden near the hut, the hut owner is a ski and mountain guide and is always available to advise if you have any questions. Simply a great hut, which also offers delicious self and with lots of your own food. A wonderful all-round package.

You can find information and prices here: dav-nuernberg.de/services/unsere-huetten/nuernberger-huette

Tip from
Betty
7.93 km
Freiersee

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 16 wandering

From glaciers spanning lake with swimming option. Or just to chill in a quiet place. A detour from Nuremberg is definitely worth it.

Tip from
Blacktravel🧗🏽‍♀️
10.1 km
Roter ridge

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 6 wandering

Lonely summit in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol and South Tyrol. From here you have an excellent view of the glaciers of the Stubai Alps.

Tip from
Tobias Büttel
20.2 km
Neustift i. St. Abzw Nuremberg Hütte
Bus stop
Map
1 km
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 3,040 m
Lowest point 1,380 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smartour/e1294623/vom-stubaitaitaitaita-den-roten-grat-giants?tour_origin=smart_Search