On the highest peak of the alpine stone - spectacular Säntis Tour
07:32
14.4 km
1,170 m
1,170 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour can be reached by public transport.
Tips
Details

Contains sections that can be dangerous

Parts of this route lead through very technical, difficult or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge are absolutely necessary.

A total of 8.53 km
Tour
Säntis-Schwebebahn
Bus stop
1.47 km
Steep slope entry

Hiking highlight

112 of 116 wandering recommend this

This is where the steepest part of the ascent to the summit of the gray pot begins. The climb is quite exposed and it can be windy. You need suitable hiking equipment including solid shoes. Be careful in wet weather.
Translated by •

Tip from
Deki Fourcin
3.17 km
Berggasthaus Tierwis

Hiking highlight

429 of 433 wandering recommend this

After the ascent, be sure to take a break in the inn! Great with a nice view. Incredibly friendly people and great food!

Tip from
Sarah
4.68 km
Heavenly ladder

Hiking highlight (section)

650 of 654 wandering recommend this

A challenge in the first inspection. For ambitious, dry -safe, vertigo -free hikers equipped with the right hiking shoe plant. Attention oncoming traffic. Not recommended for dizzy and uncertain hikers. It is best to secure children with via ferrata equipment. Dogs have to go into a backpack.

Tip from
Werner Frey
4.97 km
Säntis (2,502 meters)

Hiking highlight

752 of 764 wandering recommend this

From the top of the Säntis grandiose round view!

Tip from
Torsten Maser
5.13 km
Berggasthaus Alter Säntis

Hiking highlight

114 of 118 wandering recommend this

The Berggasthaus Alter Säntis is a mountain hut on the summit of the Säntis, about 2,500 meters above sea level, in the Alpstein massif, Appenzell, Switzerland. The cozy shelter offers a breathtaking panoramic view from Appenzell and Alpstein to Lake Constance, the Vorarlberg, Graubünden and Central Swiss Alps and via the center edge to the Jura.
Just two minutes walk from the Säntisbahn mountain station, the shelter is conveniently accessible for both hikers and visitors who prefer the cable car. Its sunny terrace and traditional local cuisine make it an ideal refreshing point for everyone who wants to enjoy a meal with a view.
If you want to spend the night, you have different options in the Berggasthaus Alter Säntis: double rooms, multi -bed rooms and a cozy mass warehouse, adapted to the different needs of the guests.
The possible activities include hiking, climbing and ski tours, so that the refuge is the output or end point of numerous alpine adventures. The facility has been open every day since mid -May, and on Tuesdays it closes from 4 p.m.
For more information or reservations, please contact the heads of Ruedi and Claudia Manser-Abderhalden at +41 71 799 11 60 or by email at info@altaentis.ch.
Translated by •

Tip from
Francesco | Cyclo ergo sum
8.06 km
Nostril

Hiking highlight (section)

46 of 47 wandering recommend this

The path over the nostril's route is a white/blue-marked path and recommends making itself in dry conditions. The path first leads over an ever steeper grass slope to the rock and then over cool scrambled rocky sparties with a so -called key point, where you have to climb almost a little. However, I imagined the whole thing more difficult. It is easy to do, but only in dry conditions, otherwise the risk of slipping is quite large and the area is steep and sloping. The first time I would make this path more in the upward direction ... that's usually easier.

Tip from
Martina
14.4 km
Säntis-Schwebebahn
Bus stop
Map
500 m
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,420 m
Lowest point 1,310 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smarttour/e1324739862/auf-den-hoechsten-deins-alpsteins-spectaculaere-saentis-saentis-saentis-tour?tin=smart_search