About the Wildalmseen to the summit of the sheep song

from
Hohe Salve region
07:15
15.0 km
1,210 m
1,210 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour is directly at a parking lot.
Tips
Details

Contains sections that can be dangerous

Parts of this route lead through very technical, difficult or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge are absolutely necessary.

A total of 13 m
Tour
parking
parking
3.85 km
New Bamberger Hütte

Hiking highlight

103 out of 104 wandering recommend this

The first Bamberger hut is still in the Dolomites, but after the First World War it was added to the Italian Alpine Club. The new Bamberger hut was originally a small ski hut. In the 1950s, the DAV section acquired the hut and continued to expand it. Today hikers and mountaineers can spend the night in 56 beds and on 18 mattress camps. Of course, day guests are also welcome and are supplied with delicious meals.

The hut is open in summer from June to mid -October and in winter from late December to early April. More information at Alpenverein-bamberg.de/huetten/bamberger-huette

Tip from
Sebastian Kowalke
4.52 km
The three Wildalmseen

Hiking highlight (section)

30 out of 32 wandering recommend this

You will pass three idyllic mountain lakes on the east slope of the sheep song. The water is still quite cool in midsummer, but they are absolutely invited to swim. So you shouldn't forget your swimwear in the valley.

Tip from
Sebastian Kowalke
7.51 km
Sheep

Hiking highlight

31 of 32 wandering recommend this

Technically uncomfortable to walking climb, probably not a problem for reasonably safe mountain hikers. Very nice panoramic view all around.
From here, the neighboring Aleitenspitze (again two meters higher than the sheep's settlement) can be easily reached.

Tip from
Tho〽️Aaster ™ ️
15.0 km
parking
parking
Map
500 m
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,370 m
Lowest point 1.160 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smarttour/e3396067/ueber-die-wildalmseen-zum-kulfsiedels?tour_origin=smart_Search