From the Gramaialm to the Sonnjoch - Nature Park Karwendel
06:32
11.3 km
1,120 m
1,120 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Good sure -footedness, sturdy footwear and alpine experience necessary. The starting point of the tour is directly at a parking lot.
Tips
Details

Contains a section that can be dangerous

Part of this route leads through technical, demanding or dangerous terrain. Special equipment and previous knowledge may be required.

A total of 4.05 km
Tour
Gramaialm
parking
105 m
Gramaialm

Hiking highlight

467 of 482 wandering recommend this

The inn has a lot to offer: in a wonderful environment, it serves as the perfect starting point for numerous Karwendel mountain tours. Around the alpine pasture there is an adventure playground, a Kneipp system and a petting zoo as well as a small waterfall that is only a few minutes away. The sun terrace offers a great view of the mountains and the food is particularly tasty after a strenuous hike. I've never stayed there, but the guests always seemed to be very satisfied.

Opening times:
Summer: mid -May to early November (overnight possible)
Winter: late December to mid -March (no overnight stay possible)

All information: gramaialm.at/de/hotel-achensee/1-0.html

Tip from
Betty
5.67 km
Sonnjoch summit cross

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 21 wandering

Fantastic views of the rugged mountains of the Karwendel and the Achensee.

Tip from
Tobias Büttel
8.23 km
Gramai Hochleiter

Hiking highlight

132 out of 135 wandering recommend this

A nice place for a break! On the way up to the Sonnjoch summit you can take a break here. The hut on the Gramai Hochleger is open from early June to mid -October. If you want, you can also stay here.

You can find more information here: Hoeherausch.de/huetten/gramamialm- Highleger.

Tip from
Vanessa
8.85 km
Waterfall at the Falsthurnbach

Hiking highlight

35 out of 37 wandering recommend this

Idyllic waterfall on the way to the Gramai Hochleger. Ideal for a little cooling on hot days.

Tip from
Tobias Büttel
11.3 km
Gramaialm
parking
Map
500 m
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,380 m
Lowest point 1,260 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smartour/e1693241606/von-der-gramaialm-auf-das-sonnjoch-naturpark-karwendel?tour_origin=smart_Search