Sternspitze 3: Bremer Hütte - Gschnitztaler Hüttenstern

from
Wipptal
07:27
16.3 km
1,110 m
1,110 m
Difficult hike. Very good condition required. Mostly easy to walk. Supposure required. The starting point of the tour can be reached by public transport.
Tour
Gschnitz GH Feuerstein
Bus stop
6.07 km
Simmingsee

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 16 wandering

On the plateau of the Simmingalm, Simming- and Gschnitzbach combine and form a swamp landscape surrounded by beautiful meadows.

Tip from
Anette
6.24 km
Wonderful paths below the Bremer Hütte

Hiking highlight (section)

Recommended by 9 wandering

The way to the Bremer Hütte is simply beautiful. Under you is a picturesque landscape that is reminiscent of the film "Lord of the Rings", impressive rock peaks.

Tip from
Mareike
7.29 km
Mitteregg

Hiking highlight

Recommended by 25 wandering

Mitteregg is a moving back shaped by glaciers and very striking. The view from up here is breathtaking.

Tip from
Anette
8.18 km
Bremer hut

Hiking highlight

150 out of 153 wandering recommend this

The Bremer hut is located in one of the most beautiful environments at 2,413 meters above sea level. You can either come up from the Gasthof Feuerstein in Gschnitz, over the Gschnitzer Höhenweg (which requires some perseverance) or over the Stubaier Höhenweg.

Both the climb to the hut and the transitions of the highways are just wonderful. I have already made all three variants, with the Gschnitzer Höhenweg definitely most strenuous. The hut is always worth the way. If you are a little lucky, you meet the hut around the hut or much better on ibex. A great piece of earth. You can get all information about the hut here: Bremerhuette.at.

Tip from
Betty
16.3 km
Gschnitz GH Feuerstein
Bus stop
Map
500 m
Maplibre | © Komoot | Map Data © OpenStreetMap-actively
Enlarge
Disposal
Tour profile
Click and pull with the mouse over the profile to see the statistics for an area.
Highest point 2,390 m
Lowest point 1,280 m

This tour was planned by Komoot.

URL: https://www.komoot.com/de-de/smartour/e1483987841/sterspitze3-bremer-huette-hschschnitztaler-huettenstern?tour_origin=smart_Search